.\" Manpage for stock
.\" Contact mchirico@users.sourceforge.com to correct errors or omissions.
.TH STOCK(1) "25 March 2006" "1.0" "stock man page"
.SH NAME
stock \- Obtain stock prices from finance.yahoo.com
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B stock [-v] [-h] [-H mmddyyyy] [-s] [-i] | [ticker symbol | [, ticker symbol] ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B stock 
command writes to standard output the current stock price for the 
ticker or tickers given.


.B stock
shows the current stock price,date
and time, change price, open price, high price, low price and volume.


.B stock rhat
.RS
"RHAT",29.01,"3/3/2006","4:00pm",+0.76,28.10,29.28,28.00,3339778 
.RE

Indexes such as the 
.B ^DJI 
(Dow), 
.B ^IXIC 
(Nasdaq), 
.B ^GSPC 
(S&P 500) 
.B ^TNX
(10-Year Treasury Note)
can
be listed along with the stock(s).

.B stock '^DJI,^IXIC,^GSPC,^TNX,RHAT'

See http://finance.yahoo.com for more information on symbols

.SH OPTIONS
.B -v 
version

.B -s
sectors

.B -i
industries

.B -H [ mmddyyyy ], --history [ mmddyyyy]
history
.RS
This gives the history of the stock going back to mmddyyyy where mm is equal to the month, 
dd is the day and yyyy is the year. So the following would give the stock of Red Hat
going back to 2000.

.B stock rhat -H 01012000

   ...
   5-Jan-00,218.50,258.00,212.00,256.00,4664000,128.00
   4-Jan-00,228.00,229.00,215.00,215.00,1235600,107.50
   3-Jan-00,228.25,231.63,211.00,231.50,1620000,115.75

Use the date command along with this option. For example, to get the
last 100 days of a stock, you could use the following.

.B stock rhat -H `date -d '-100 day' '+%m%d%Y'`


.RE

.SH SCRIPTS
The scripts folder contains Perl programs for
viewing industry and sector data.

.B industry_rank.pl
daily ascending stock prices by industry

.SH BUGS
No known bugs at this time.
.SH AUTHOR
Mike Chirico (mchirico@users.sourceforge.net)
.RS
http://souptonuts.sourceforge.net/chirico/index.php
.RE
.SH SOURCE
 http://ftp1.sourceforge.net/souptonuts/stock.tar.gz
.SH CVS
The CVS can be found in the cpearls project under
http://cvs.sourceforge.net/viewcvs.py/cpearls/cpearls/src/posted_on_sf/stock/
.SH REFERENCES
The following is an excellent, maybe the best, reference for learning how to
trade in stocks.

 "How to Trade in Stocks in Stocks: the Livermore Formula for Combining  Time Element and Price". 
By Jesse L. Livermore. Copyright (c) 1940. ISBN: 0-934380-20-1
