.\" Manpage for smtpsnd
.\" Contact mchirico@users.sourceforge.com to correct errors or omissions.
.TH tlstutorial(1) "29 May 2006" "1.0" "tlstutorial As it relates to smtp and imap man page"
.SH NAME
ssl_tls \- Send mail using tls through smtp and getting mail using tls through imap
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tlssmtp
smtp interface

.B tlsimap
imap interface
.SH DESCRIPTION

.B tlssmtp
writes to port 25, the smtp port, initiating the
sending of email.


.B tlsimap
can retrieve email to be sent through port 143, the imap port.

Security is important, so both commands support starttls.


.B Notes
.RS
It's interesting to note options gained with POPFile http://popfile.sourceforge.net/. A
a proxy program that filters email between the client and the server acting on behalf
of the client. 

In contrast, the programs here can operate with bash commands. The thought is that they
could be used by an administrator.
.RE

A
.SH THOUGHTS
.B 1.
If the program can be built as a series of libraries it might be
more helpful solving complex issues that may deal with LDAP, XML
and the like.

.B 2


.B 3

.SH TODO

.B 1
Take a look at how Postfix and Fetchmail are handeling the TLS
connections. Why is Fetchmail utilizing PEEK? Note how Postfix
striped out the extra string statements.

.B 2
Threads could be utilized for a robust environment. There is also
the idea of testing IMAP and smtp performance.

.SH HANDY COMMANDS
.B openssl version -a | grep OPENSSLDIR
.RS
This shows where the ssl files, including the certificates
are installed. Memorize this command if you often work
on several systems.
.RE

.SH WHY SECURITY?
.B College Door Ajar For Online Criminals
.RS
http://www.latimes.com/technology/la-me-hacks30may30,0,645148,full.story?coll=la-home-headlines





.SH BUGS
No known bugs at this time.
.SH AUTHOR
Mike Chirico (mchirico@users.sourceforge.net)
.RS
http://souptonuts.sourceforge.net/chirico/index.php
.RE
.SH SOURCE
 http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/cpearls/stock.tar.gz?download
.SH SVN (Subversion)
The SVN can be found in the cpearls project under
http://svn.sourceforge.net/viewcvs.cgi/cpearls/ssl_tls/

.SH REFERENCES
.RS
http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1939.txt

